start-16.135 -> end-40.299 
Text:   You're about to see a meeting taking place at ABC Manufacturing. Carol Fletcher and her team are
gathering for their fortnightly meeting. The agenda contains seven items, including any other
business. Take a moment now to gather pens and paper and position yourself to take the role of
minute taker. Before the meeting starts... Welcome to our department meeting and nice to see you
all.

start-40.52 -> end-63.217 
Text:   Now we have a new team member, Trudy Finch, our HR manager, so I'd like to start with some
introductions. As you are aware, I'm the senior team manager, Carol Fletcher. Peter. Hi, I'm Peter
Morgan, finance manager, with a team of five reporting to me. And I'm Frank Mayfair, head of IT,
I've been here for the last ten years.

start-63.865 -> end-86.715 
Text:   Hi Trudy, I'm Mike Reynard. We spoke on the phone last week. I'm in charge of the production floor.
I came in 15% cheaper. That is a significant amount. Okay Peter, go ahead and purchase on the
proviso that the quality and guarantee are just as good.

start-91.886 -> end-105.162 
Text:   Okay, Mike, could you update us on the production figures for last quarter please? Absolutely.
Figures are up on the previous quarter by 2% on product streams 1 and 2 and down

start-108.473 -> end-136.067 
Text:   We believe this is due to a recent sales campaign which focused on the higher margin items in
product streams one and two, which is a little short-sighted as reorder rates on stream three
products are quicker. So we tend to sell more products. Moving on to the next agenda item.

start-136.459 -> end-162.5 
Text:   Trudy, could you summarise the recent recruitment programme? Absolutely. Basically the full figures
are in the HR report on the intranet so I'll just give a brief overview. We recruited ten new people
January to April and nine have successfully completed their probation. So just one woman, Sheila
Rose, she left after three weeks her husband had to relocate for work. So overall it was a success.

start-163.029 -> end-190.333 
Text:   And interestingly, our successful recruits came from the radio ad rather than our traditional
advertising route. So therefore, I would suggest that we review our advertising methods with a black
and yellow safety tape at the top and bottom of the stairs to warn people as a visual sign. Now,
unfortunately, whoever put the tape down didn't do a particularly good job. They left a limb.
Somebody tripped over the safety tape, caused themselves an injury. So we need to be aware of that
sort of thing.

start-191.067 -> end-214.428 
Text:   Okay, were there any other areas? We're now just about to approach the implementation phase so I'd
appreciate your input on two options for rollout actually and how to best roll out the training
programme on site. I'm in favour of a phased rollout so we can check for faults whilst keeping the
level of service high. Actually I disagree.

start-214.48 -> end-239.462 
Text:   I think for a culture change do a swift implementation and just force people into the new system.
The longer that we dally then the more resistance people can have. We need to consider the impact on
shifts before we implement anything. Let's not be too hasty. We need to get this right first time.
By phasing we can sell its success to departments as we go. To deliver the training, I mean we don't
want to risk leaving the training until the new system is installed.

start-239.633 -> end-264.514 
Text:   We've thought of that. We've got a dummy testing system which is coming next week so we can
actually start to train within our individual teams for actually next Wednesday. Who is doing the
training and what's the cost? I think that's over to HR, isn't it? You're doing the training. No,
no, no. We don't have the resource. Oh. I mean, you'll need to recruit and train people from within
the business. We're happy to develop a training calendar and we'll communicate that out to managers.

start-264.701 -> end-283.575 
Text:   I mean, look, it's an excellent opportunity to get some system champions in place and give people
the opportunity to develop their skills. We need to make sure they're competent at training the
system. We can't afford for people to be poorly trained once it's live. I mean, from the pilot, we
can develop a training day and train the trainers and we'll give them ongoing support.

start-284.002 -> end-309.804 
Text:   See, now don't forget that we've agreed to be the trial department so we can... One of my team had
a good idea. Why don't we allow people 20 minutes per day during their lunch break and then have
clear penalties for people found using the net outside of that time. How would we monitor that? I'd
just say we need to make sure that people are motivated and if it's too harsh a penalty then people
are just going to maybe misuse the system even more. Okay, what other ideas have we got?

start-310.333 -> end-333.473 
Text:   We could put a stop to it all together and only allow people access to our own intranet system. You
see, that's all very well, but we need to keep people motivated and some people use the internet for
work. If all we do is take away from them, there'll be eruptions on the shop floor. We don't want to
be perceived as just taking away all of them. I'm planning to be involved in the actual cycle ride.
I'm happy to take that role on, fly the flag. Good, thanks Peter.

start-333.985 -> end-348.899 
Text:   OK, are there any further items to cover in any other business? Not from me. No. OK, on that note,
let's summarise the actions and close the meeting. Our next meeting is in two weeks' time, 18th
October, same time and place.