start-4.07 -> end-11.067 
Text:   How many people have attended my old B.O.B?

start-12.295 -> end-42.125 
Text:   There are 4-5 people who have attended. It's a good thing that you have attended the offline
B.O.B.P. Most of the people who haven't attended the offline B.O.B.P. I was thinking of a story
about actions. Last time I was in this hall the day before yesterday. I had a lot of fun telling
that story. So I thought of telling it again. It was about actions. But till now we were focusing on
one thing. On studying. Most of the people are focusing on their degrees. So I used to tell the
story about degrees and skills in B.O.B.P. We all want skills.

start-42.125 -> end-67.773 
Text:   When we want to grow skill wise, grow our skills, grow invitation, follow up, prospecting. But
Tarang said a very good thing, actions are important. And actions are also important for skills. If
you don't implement your skills, then skills will increase. There will be no growth. Implementation
is the most important thing. Let's come to the story. What happens once? A sales store, like
Reliance Fresh. What happens?

start-68.609 -> end-97.79 
Text:   Like Reliance Fresh, there is a sale store owner. There are six stores. How many? Six. It will be
fun if you interact. How many stores are there? Six. There are six stores. And in those six stores,
he needs a salesman for six of the six stores. He puts an ad in the newspaper. MBA Qualified
Salesman Required. What does he put? MBA Qualified Salesman Required. Now, a salesperson from
Haryana sees that ad, who has already worked many times before. He is experienced and skilled. But,

start-98.251 -> end-119.838 
Text:   He needs an MBA Qualified. He is not an MBA Qualified. He is a 10th pass. What is it? Now he goes
to the owner with his resume and the owner says bye bye. What does the owner say? Bye bye. We can't
keep you because you are a 10th pass. Our qualification, the minimum requirement is MBA Qualified.
So he says, Sir, selling means selling.

start-120.538 -> end-139.684 
Text:   If I sell, then give me money, if not, then don't give me money. He says, when I can keep a better
person than you in 10,000-15,000, then? He says, Sir, keep me for free. If I sell your store, then
give me money, if not, then don't give me money. Now, the owner's mind works fast. The owner thinks
that my sixth store is in the village area.

start-139.923 -> end-164.377 
Text:   If someone doesn't come to take the goods, how will he sell it? I am getting a watchman for free, I
keep the watchman's price. He won't take the money because no one comes to take the goods. Now he
keeps it and points it. One month passes. The regional head of the stores calls him and says, Sir,
what has happened? The total sale of your five stores is the same as that of the sixth store.

start-164.923 -> end-189.138 
Text:   The owner was worried. What is he saying? Someone used to come there to buy goods, how did he sell
it? The owner said, let me go and see what is actually happening there. The owner picks up the car
on the same day and reaches the small store where the goods are being sold. As soon as the owner
reaches there, he sees that the same guy is giving a client a fishing rod. What is he giving? A
fishing rod. It was a fishing rod for 200 rupees. How much? 200 rupees. He is giving a fishing rod
for 200 rupees.

start-189.138 -> end-195.469 
Text:   Now, as soon as uncle gets fat and healthy, as soon as uncle takes the fishing rod, he says, Uncle,
wait!

start-196.015 -> end-223.746 
Text:   You are going to do fishing. I have got such a grain that if you see the grain, if the fish takes
the grain in the mouth, then all the fish will come. That you will get all the work done. Uncle
says, what are you saying? There is a need for grain. How will the fish come? So he says, take 100
rupees grain, for sure the fish will come. Uncle is happy. 100 rupees grain, let's go, we have to
catch the fish. Uncle takes the grain. Now uncle is going to take the grain. The owner is watching.
The owner is watching. Then he goes. Uncle, wait. He is wearing such nice leather shoes.

start-224.138 -> end-251.92 
Text:   2-3 thousand rupees. Now you will go to buy shoes. If you go to buy shoes in that soil, then what's
the use of it? You will catch a fish for 200 rupees. You will lose your shoes for 3 thousand rupees.
Uncle says, you are worrying too much. He tells uncle that there are shoes for 200 rupees. Take
this. Your life will be settled. Uncle is happy. The boy is worrying. He is making use of my 3
thousand rupees. Why shouldn't I take it? Uncle also takes shoes for 200 rupees. Then he says,
Uncle, wait. You have to sit there under so much sun.

start-252.244 -> end-280.043 
Text:   You've got dirt on your shoes. Won't you be safe from the sun? How will you sit in the sun? There's
a roof for 300 rupees. And the roof is such that it'll be useful this time, next time, and again and
again. Uncle says, man, it looks so good. He's so worried. Come on, we need an umbrella. Mom, sit
there. If you want to fish for an hour or two, you'll have to take the roof. Uncle takes the roof.
Then uncle goes and says, uncle, wait. You'll feel so hungry in that heat. If you spend time in
fishing,

start-280.879 -> end-307.022 
Text:   Not even for an hour. Then? 100 bucks for 5 wafers. Take these 5 wafers. It will be so much fun if
you catch fish. You eat popcorn, eat popcorn and catch fish. Uncle is worrying about his stomach. I
told you, fat uncle. So uncle is happy, worrying about his stomach. Now uncle is going back. He
says, Uncle, wait. How will you sit in the mud? You have worn such expensive clothes. Why will you
wear clothes in the mud?

start-307.176 -> end-332.329 
Text:   This is a 100 rupee mat. Take this mat and sit down. Everything will be fine. We'll take uncle,
uncle's mat and go. Finally, we'll go to uncle's. The owner is watching. What has he done? What has
he done? He came to buy a fishing rod for 200 rupees. And he sold it for 2000 rupees. The owner is
shocked. What have you done? He came to buy a fishing rod for 200 rupees. And he sold it for 2000
rupees. That's the day.

start-339.753 -> end-369.343 
Text:   What does he have? Skills. He had experience and skills. Everyone here has experience, whether it's
for one month, two months or three months. He polished skills along with experience. That is what
matters the most. You have attended the event here today, you have attended the success, you have
seen thousands of people. Everyone is motivated from within to go to the stage to level up. But what
motivation will make everything happen? Will you stop giving prospects a challenge from today? Will
you stop blocking prospects from today? No.

start-369.65 -> end-398.592 
Text:   You used to block Prospect even before, and you will still block it. Prospect didn't attend Success
Day. Who attended Success Day? You guys. If you attended Success Day, then it's possible that you
bring changes in yourself. The same challenges will come. All of them will come. Yesterday when I
was in the office of the non-manager group, I told them a story. I'll tell you the story. All the
non-managers are not here. Once a girl goes to give an exam. What does she go to give? She goes to
give an exam. She has been studying for 3 years for her exam. She gives the exam and leaves for a
month. Failed.

start-398.985 -> end-426.954 
Text:   What do you say? Fail! Now when our prospect rejects us, blocks us, we get irritated. We get
irritated? Yes, we get irritated. Now she goes home in irritation, full irritation. She is fully
irritated, she goes home. Dad, how was her day? Don't bother me, I have to go. Dad says, what
happened? Why are you going crazy? She goes inside the room. Dad says, what happened? At least tell
me. She says, don't bother me. I failed my exams. I wasted three years of hard work. This happened.
She gets very irritated. Meaning, the level of frustration on the peak. She goes crazy.

start-427.602 -> end-449.974 
Text:   Now her father tells her that she will pass if she is troubled. She says, no, but I am troubled.
Don't trouble me anymore. I won't pass, but let me be myself. Dad says, listen, I will explain to
you in a way. Dad says, I will explain to you in a way. Dad takes her to the kitchen. Where does he
take her? To the kitchen. Now her father tells her to pick up a pot, add water, add potatoes and
keep it. She keeps it.

start-450.265 -> end-479.394 
Text:   Pick up a bottle, add water, add eggs, and keep it. She keeps it. She keeps the gas stove. Okay.
Then her father says, pick up a bottle, add milk, and I'm giving you a powder, add the powder and
keep it. She keeps it. Now, a lot of people are asking the same question. There is a stove with four
burners. Two burners. See? There are three burners. Her father keeps the bottle from her. Now, she
has kept the bottle. All three things are working. All three things are heating up. The gas is on.
Now, her father asks, what is happening? Her father asks, what is happening?

start-479.718 -> end-508.166 
Text:   She says, Papa, I am already fed up with my life, all my hard work has gone to waste, I am
irritated, and you are making me do household chores. Papa says, what is happening? She says, you
are making me make potatoes, boil potatoes, make eggs, make coffee, what are you making me do? Why
are you making me do household chores? At least try to understand me. Papa says, okay, I will try to
understand. Wait for two more minutes, I will remove all the things from the gas. It has been 15-20
minutes since I have been boiling all the things, I will remove all the things from the gas, Papa.
Papa says to her, what do you see now?

start-509.275 -> end-536.459 
Text:   Where did you feel the frustration? Once again, dad will ask you to go to dad's grave. Before she
got angry, dad told her not to get angry. Don't tell me what you see, just touch it and tell me what
you feel. She touches the potato. Potatoes were hard at first. When the potatoes were boiled, how
did they become soft? After that, she was told to break the egg. If you had broken the egg before,
how would the egg have come out? Liquid.

start-536.886 -> end-564.189 
Text:   Now how is the egg coming out? It's solid. The egg is hard. Now after that we say drink the milk.
The milk was milk before. But in the milk, his father had added coffee powder. With that, the color
of the milk has changed, the fragrance has changed, the taste has changed. Everything has changed.
Now you say, do you understand? He doesn't explain anything, but he understands. Are you
understanding? Yes. I'll tell you what you should understand. The challenge was the same for
everyone.

start-564.735 -> end-593.473 
Text:   For all three things, the challenge was the same, the water was the same, the heat was the same,
everything was the same. Heat, temperature, everything was the same. But there was a potato, which
got rotten by boiling. There was an egg, which got hard, strong by boiling. And there was a milk,
which got boiled and changed even more. It changed completely. The people you saw on the stage, the
managers you are sitting in front of, the managers you heard on the stage,

start-593.746 -> end-622.978 
Text:   What do you think? Is it potato, egg or coffee? Coffee. Coffee. Those who have egg in their mind,
take that egg out of their mind. When there is a challenge, it doesn't matter if it is hard. When
there is a challenge, it matters if it is changed. He explained it with simple examples. When there
is a challenge for milk, milk becomes even better. We all, if some people have gone to Chandni Chowk
or there are a lot of shops around us, do you see? The taste of normal milk and the taste of boiled,
solid milk.

start-623.268 -> end-652.312 
Text:   You get milk in bullad. Its taste is completely different. Milk has its own sweetness. Challenge is
the same. But how does it become more tasty? Getting moment. When there is a challenge, it takes a
better form. This is what you have to do. When there is a challenge, you have to take a better form.
There is no challenge, yes or no. Tarang had said that my rejections are the injections. So if there
is no challenge, it won't work. There is a challenge, yes or no. But with that challenge, you have
to commit that when there is a challenge, I will change.

start-652.585 -> end-682.363 
Text:   As soon as I face a challenge, I will improvise. If I don't improvise, if I don't change, then this
is my loss. Tell me one thing, do I know how to walk? Can I walk? Am I thinking how to walk? I know
how to walk smoothly, I know how to walk, so I am walking normally, I don't have to think to change,
that I can change the way I walk, I walk in one pair. Am I thinking? No, I am not thinking. But when
we don't know anything, or when we face a problem, then should we change or not? You have to make
this commitment.

start-682.824 -> end-707.875 
Text:   Who is ready to make this commitment? Yes Who is ready to make this commitment? Yes Who is ready to
make this commitment? Yes Who is ready to make this commitment? Yes Who is ready to make this
commitment? Yes Who is ready to make this commitment? Yes Who is ready to make this commitment? Yes
Who is ready to make this commitment? Yes Who is ready to make this commitment? Yes Who is ready to
make this commitment? Yes Who is ready to make this commitment? Yes

start-712.022 -> end-733.012 
Text:   Indira Gandhi Stadium is the biggest stadium in India. I am not sure whether it will be next or
next to next. But we will try to make it next. Whenever there is a success day, there will be 20,000
people in Indira Gandhi Stadium. Who was sitting on the stage in the auditorium? When you were
sitting on the stage, did you recognize who was sitting in front of you?

start-735.316 -> end-765.094 
Text:   You are sitting here. Someone is sitting on the side in front of you. In the auditorium. They
couldn't recognize each other. Why? Because he was so far away. The people who were sitting below,
they couldn't recognize each other, right? They couldn't recognize each other. Why? Because they
were nearby. Now think, if we can't recognize each other among 5000 people, then what will we see
among 20,000 people? In small miniatures. He is lying in front of you. He is lying in front of you.
He is lying in front of you. He is lying in front of you. He is lying in front of you. He is lying
in front of you. He is lying in front of you. He is lying in front of you.

start-765.725 -> end-783.985 
Text:   So if you don't sit down in the success day of 20,000 people, then there is no point in coming in
the success day. Think about it. If that success day happens after 3 months, then for 2 months for
the achievement. If it happens after 4 months, then for 3 months for the achievement. Think about
it, not for 3 months. All the AS sitting here, especially those people. Commit yourself.

start-784.241 -> end-809.753 
Text:   that you have April and May month. You have to supervise April and May month. There should be no if
and but. If you supervise April and May month, then any success day, whether it is 3 months, 4
months, 5 months, 1 recognition is confirmed. If you sit down once, it is confirmed. Many people had
a pass without achievement. Will there be a next time? There is a success day for 20,000 people next
time. It will not be a slight success day.

start-810.23 -> end-830.06 
Text:   So in that you will not get any Achiever Pass without Achievement. You will have to do Achievement
for Achiever Pass. You will have to take a Token of Registration. If you are able to go to the
stage, only then you will be seated down and if not, you will not be seated down. Commit yourself
today. You have got such great Uplanes. All your respective Uplanes Managers are so great.